Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we will create the search field, and we're going to create the search field in the
home screen.
So what we can do is within the screens.
Sorry, views.
We are going to create a new fight and we're going to call this fight home on the score screen.
And dot, dot.
And now we can use control and be.
And for now, we can use this stateless widget and home screen.
And over here, we need to alight and use control dots in order to import the material to that package.
And then that will have access to lots more property.
We can then return a scaffold it scaffold widgets.
Okay, now use control and save.
And over the customer on screen.
We are going to need to get rid of this.
And we're going to call the home.
Home screen.
How did you recover?
Okay, great.
And so now we are going to create the surge, the surge field.
Now back to the customer.
But sorry.
Back to the home screen and.
Over discovered.
What we need to do is.
We are going to have a harbour.
Harbour.
And Harbour.
Okay.
Now is control.
Next save.
And you're going to see this up over here.
In the home.
We need to how to start this.
And you're going to see the harbour.
Over.
We just have to wait a bit for this to start.
And you should see the harbor.
Hawaii.
Okay.
This is the harbour.
Right.
Okay.
Now the harbour has a property known as background colour.
We can say background colour is going to be colours.
Colours dot white.
Close the blinds.
We can use control lights to save.
And you're going to see why now.
Okay.
And we can sell the vision.
We want it to be zero.
Okay.
That's going to make it match with the scaffold background.
Okay, great.
And now all we have to do is the hub bar has a property known as title.
And for the title, it can be any widget such as the container.
And for the container we can then have.
He decoration and box decoration in order to have access to loss of containers property and one of the.
Assess we need is the colour so we can say colours.
Dirt can.
And we can give this a border to make it all around.
So we can say border.
Border dots hall.
Then once you give this order a week, that is all take is going to be a width of two and a color is
going to be colors that.
Cyril.
So we need to get rid.
We don't want a collar over the background.
Okay.
You're going to see this now.
Via.
Okay.
And what we can do.
We send the container.
The container has a property known as height.
We can say 40.
In cities snow.
Okay.
Now we can make this round that we can have the trainer come over here first and we send the box decoration.
The box decoration has a property known as border radius.
And we can say border radius.
Though circular of 25 that is our round is going to be okay.
Check it out now.
Okay.
I think this is way too take so we can just say 1.6.
And over here we can have an icon it it says which is going to search for products and a search button
or via okay we can just use constraint B to make this wide and within the container we can just add
the train, come over there to know where it ends and within the container we can then have a child.
The child is going to be a row with that because we basically want those three widgets to be displayed
horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
Now the first.
You can, as you know, the rule can take multiple children or it can take multiple widgets, which
as the student as property and the first child is going to be icon icon widgets.
And there's going to be icons start.
That said.
The search is control and safe.
And you're going to see the icon of a.
I think therefore it is set to white so over yet the icon property, the icon widget has a property
known as colour and we can say colours that.
Great.
Now you're going to see it.
You can see it over there.
And the next widget we want is.
It says with jets.
Probably this might just say, Lords, are you?
Looking.
Can.
For you try and save and you're going to see the value in now.
Okay.
Default, I think it is set to white as well and we can have a STI.
This is going to be tests i.
Then the caller is going to be callers that.
Gray.
And we can increase the font size to 18.
We need this idea to use control and save.
And you're going to see it via.
Okay.
Great.
And now, finally, what we can do is over here.
We can then have.
We can then have the bottom or something that's going to serve as a button.
Okay.
How do we tell the role we can then have another container.
Another container?
We can just go ahead and give this container a a height.
That is how long is going to be a height of 33 and a width of.
The weeds of.
Of 75.
That is our it is going to be the height is how long it's going to be and the height is how wide it's
going to be.
Okay.
Now I know that you have access to some additional property.
The container has.
We need the declaration.
And then the box decoration.
The box decoration.
And we can then say, caller, there's going to be callers that can.
I did turn the corner and use control and that's the save.
You're going to see it over here.
You can see it over there and we can just go ahead and make this a bit rounded.
So we can then say border radius and there's going to be border.
Radius.
Radius the circle of 25 as well.
Use control and save.
Okay.
Great.
And we can just have the trill come over here.
And within the container we can then have a child, which is going to be a test widget and the test
is going to say search.
Okay and as well we can have some started to this is going to be test.
Says tie and color is going to be colors that gray, colors the gray.
And we can increase the font size so we can just see why it's not gray.
Cause those whites.
Okay.
And it's going to be font size of its own.
You can try and save.
I think we are missing one additional parenthesis on case control and that's the save now.
And you're going to see the via.
Okay.
Now we can make sure this test is at the middle of this container.
So over this over this test we get, we can highlight and use control dots and wrap it with the sensor.
Widgets and we can also reduce the font size to maybe 15.
Okay.
15 is okay.
I think that is okay.
And within the rule, the rule has a property known as main assets element and we can say main assets
elements.
Main axis alignment the space between and save.
You know what this does.
So this is going to be.
Yeah, it gives equal space like.
And I think we can increase the size of the icon like this is the icon, the icon with the property
or sorry, the icon has a property known as size for the size.
Let's go with 30 and see.
It's going to look like most of the time you just have to try this out to see the best performers.